Final script

“Doming can I talk to you for a minute?”
“Me and the other teachers were wondering when are you turning your presentation video in?” “Think you could do something for the class to show why you would be a great leader to vote for?” (Echo for)


Oh yeah, I got the perfect video for them to watch:

Hello everyone!

My name is Domingo Gutierrez Ramos and I’m proud to be from JAG 9-10, I'm running for president because I want our class to have a strong voice and real leadership I believe the best leaders are dependable, responsible, and honest. these are qualities I work to live by every day.

I’m from Guatemala and I speak both English and Spanish, which allows me to connect with and represent everyone. I stay organized and I make sure things get done.

JAG has helped me grow a lot since I’ve joined this class. Before, I felt i was making no progress in school and in my own life. 

JAG helped me talk to people and express myself freely without fear of being judged. Like everyone, I still struggle, but I keep moving forward because in life nothing is ever still, we’re forever growing and experiencing new challenges. 

Im here to lend a hand and make everyone feel welcome — not just in JAG, but the entire district.

Music is also a huge part of my life.

my poster is inspired by “The College Dropout.” An album by Kanye west.

it inspires me to give everything I got, and to get my thoughts and priorities straight when I feel lost. 

Kanye reminds us that even people in the spotlight still face struggles but work just as hard to rise above them all.

I’ve been thinking a lot recently. Why I want to represent our school. I want show my best qualities and how much I’ve grown, by going above and beyond to prove to myself and everyone how much it means to be apart of something like JAG. I did some research on what this program offers and how it can help students grow and find a path that they find suitable in their future. 

To be honest, I felt like giving up but that pep rally reignited my spirit. I put in all this work on my website and my poster. for what? To be a dropout? [first second or Get ‘em High: Nuh uh] [2 seconds laughter]
 No, I’m more than just that. And so are you, sometimes we give in to what seems less grueling. 

The will to keep on trying and to make a change is something I want everyone to have, it’s not new or short in supply, it’s in high demand and we need to let everyone see our value.

If you vote for me, you’re voting for someone who’s truthful, reliable, and ready to make this year enjoyable and open for everyone to express themselves.

Vote Domingo Gutierrez Ramos for president!

[kanye pumpkin competition video clip]

“What was that Domingo?!”
“I told you to stop coding and focus on your video” “you know what, that was not bad. Thank you for presenting to the class”.
